The Russian writer Dimitri Glukhovsky describes in his novel
Metro 2033 a scenario in Moscow in the not too distant future
the city became completely uninhabitable after a nuclear war
All people who have come to terms with this hell have gotten into the subway
They have fled and their lives are now under the ground
But life in NATO is not completely harmless
in the shafts lurking horrible mutants and crazy
People
The 20-year-old Artyom gets the job from his hometown son before one
To defend previously unknown threats which are generally only the
black men
Thun now brings the game to the book with Metro 2033 for the Expo 30
market
In the nearly seven-hour campaign of the game you fight with Artiom
through the subway network
Complete tasks and deal with a variety of opponents
Metro 2033 is against shooter
the strong of the dense storey of the enthralling atmosphere and the
Lives characters who are more likely to meet your way
towards the beginning of the game you fight mainly against the standard
Mutants do not pose a major threat to your initial complaints
should represent
but at the beginning the firefights are a rarity
rather, the first with the morbid beauty and the eerie
Apparitions of the ailing Huber network made familiar
the tasks must fulfill the action in very linear gameplay
Sinn Shooter typical Pierre simply failed
At this point, for example, a start would have to collapse so that the
Mutants can no longer penetrate to a station
just look for a bomb »that randomly and conveniently
This place was forgotten and then it is time to run
In some places, the game gives you the choice whether you prefer to think
Action follows or simply unpacks the CNOOC and everything over the pile
shoots
In these bandits camp here it is necessary to liberate a companion of the
Bad guys have been captured
either could now slowly sneak around clearing all the lights
and turn off the opponents in ambush
or her way as we here the rabiate tour
but pay particular attention to being constantly in cover
the Carrey "The adversary is not terrific
but the guys meet pretty much
as if the mutant and bandit threat were not big
enough
In the course of the game, Artiom also has to deal with fanatical supporters
beating two camps
on the one hand, there would be the Communists to the other, the examining one has seen
yes, even a hundred years after the Second World War, the conflict gets under the
Russian he is the new explosive
Artyom device, of course, exactly between the enemy lines mka
every now and then if you have Torchio around here also the gun of a vehicle and
the Nazis promote communists and well
with big caliber is beyond
these sections loosen the otherwise very tense mood of the game
always excellent
Again and again it takes the young hero on his way to other upper
stations
where people have settled
Here you can increase your arsenal or meditate old stream
or buy new gas masks filters
that's worth it because the men of the ballet we get from the dealers
usually more punch or nice extras like a flared up
Scope
Incidentally, the currency used in Metro 2033 is ammunition
they are available in a high quality and simple design, the former
much more value
Therefore, always scour the environment or rattle after a fight
defeated opponents are delivered
but not always Artyom is under the Erdogan Verbeeks
every now and then it goes to the surface in the middle of the
post-apocalyptic Moscow
and although the from Leverkusen also very consistent Kontny
Outdoor missions unlike the metro levels strong lack of tension
and be a bit monotonous Labbadia
By the way, the excursion to the surface does not work without protective measures
Not
the wearing of a gas mask is the highest duty because of the contaminated air
but watch out that the mutants or humans do not protect you
destroy because then your trip to ruined Moscow to Villingen
such load 7 seconds over
Metro 2033 clearly lives from its enthralling atmosphere
if you sneak around with the submachine gun created by NATO creaking
only the light shines your hands to the surroundings and you everywhere the
Cries of mutants hear
and strokes your heart more than once
the graphics are extremely well done especially the light and
Particle effects make for a scary-beautiful atmosphere
SID
By the way, for the full enjoyment that should be with a decent sound
System and play in the dark
The background noise in the subway shafts is clear
better limits Holtz
Unfortunately the german voice does not keep this high level close
Although the synchronization is quite neat but the Russian accent
now often too much
So we can recommend Metro 2033 to anyone who cares about the atmosphere
dense and gripping later told with an unused
the seminar is
Merci